And the two of us
We are both rich and dead
Mom, don't call me mom.
I don't have the strength to play with you
Sister, you will die with this trash yourself
Can't implicate us
We are loyal to the king of Zhenbei
Mom, you clearly know that Haoran is not
What am I not
I already saw it
You and Haoran, this trash
Not a good thing at all
You are a rebel who has brought disaster to the country and the people
You are courting death with him
From today onwards, you are not my daughter, get out of here
Mom, in order to cling to the king of Zhenbei
Would you rather do it this way?
Yu Xin, haven't you seen it yet?
People like your mother
I can't do anything for money and power
That's better than some people losing their lives right away
You still dare to pit the prince
Hmph, don't pee, take a look at your virtue
It doesn't deserve to be licked by the prince
I bah
You are so sure that my king of the north killed me
Just today, I will use the blood of my Northern King
Wash away my 20 years of lost anonymity
The time has come to enter the wall